[GAIA THEME MUSIC]
[THEME MUSIC]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In 1966, a report was
compiled for NASA by four
of the top scientists and
astronomers of the time.
The report became known as the
Translunar Phenomena Report.
It was a compilation of reports
of odd and strange lights seen
on the lunar surface by
astronomers in the past.
These events included the
sightings of moving objects,
flashes of light, and
many other odd events
on the lunar surface.
The people reporting
these events
on the surface of the Moon
were famous astronomers.
In this constellation,
there are many reports
of odd and strange activity
around the crater called
Aristarchus.
>> In 1966, Barbara Middlehurst
presented a paper on transient
lunar phenomena.
It was an exhaustive compilation
of light phenomena appearing
on the Moon since the
dawn of the telescope.
These transient lunar
phenomena include
light of different colors,
some solid and flashing,
some stay still,
and others move.
In some cases you have
groups of phenomena
that were moving in
different directions
all at the same time.
What's particular of
interest in this case is
in many of these
phenomena around 60%
have been seen all around
the crater Aristarchus.
And when the Clementine space
probe flew over the crater,
a very obvious blue
dome was visible.
Taken together, this study
of transient lunar phenomena
suggests that there have been
ongoing observations of ET
piloted vehicles
that have existed
around the Moon and its surface
since all of recorded history.
This is not something
that's hard to understand.
These sightings were
done independently
throughout the world,
sometimes professionally,
and sometimes done by an
amateur telescope operator.
The point is that when you're
faced with the weight of data,
you are looking at something
that is actually genuine.
This is an ongoing phenomena
that is well documented,
but once the Apollo missions
start, the blanket of secrecy
comes down and you never hear
about the transient lunar
phenomena again.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I guess the question then
would be then, well, OK,
if there were these ancient
astronauts, as they call them,
in our distant past, did they
all leave or are some of them
still here?
How do you answer that?
Well, it's real simple.
You look at truthfully and
clearly at human history.
If, as we're taught
in school, we
are the product of just
a slow evolutionary climb
from cavemen, to
hunter-gatherers,
to city-states, to nations,
to empires, as we're taught,
then that should be our
history and there shouldn't
be anything else there.
But if you look
carefully, you'll
find that from the flying
boats of the ancient Egyptians,
to the dragons of the Chinese,
to the Dogon tribe in Africa
that talks about the
people come from Sirius,
and you talk with the
aborigines in Australia that
talk about the gods, you talk
about the Aztecs and the Incas
that talk about the
gods from the sky,
and then you bring it
right up to the UFO,
to the cattle mutilations,
to the crop circles,
to the abductions,
somebody's still here.
>> I believe that we have
been observed and monitored
for a long, long time.
I think what we call the
UFO phenomenon probably goes
through our entire history.
For me, when I look at ancient
advanced, like ridiculously,
inexplicably
advanced technology,
the one thing I
continue to go back to
is the Great Pyramid at Giza.
There is in my view not any
conventional explanation
for this at all.
When you start getting into the
mathematics, the engineering,
the geographic location of it,
among many, many other things,
this indicates to me that
whoever built that pyramid knew
that the Earth was a sphere.
They knew exactly where
they were in relation
to the entire world.
They had engineering and
transport capabilities
that no one is able to explain.
They completed a task that not
a single human civilization
could possibly have done until
possibly the last 100 years.
It's even a stretch to ask
ourselves could we have done;
duplicated this today?
Maybe we could.
But could we have even done it
as recently as 100 years ago?
Could the United States
of say Teddy Roosevelt
have built the Great Pyramid?
The answer is no.
No, they couldn't have done it.
They could have done it with the
precision and the exactitude.
So I asked myself, if the
ancient Egyptians were
more advanced than America
of the early 20th century,
then there's something wrong
here with this picture.
So there's something in
the mix of our civilization
that we're not getting.
There is a hole in our ancient
history, and some of that
includes very
advanced knowledge.
>> Based on my research, I
believe that the beings are
advanced approximately
close to a million years.
And the reason why I say
that is because if you study
the ancient tablets,
the Bhagavad-Gita the
Mahabharata, the Ancient Vedas,
and also the Sumerian Tablets,
you find that the technology
that they used was so far
advanced they had
technology that
can destroy an entire planet.
They had vehicles that can
travel intergalactically.
And you can even see some of
the evolution of in the Sumerian
Text, you can tell that
they were a little bit less
advanced some of
the older texts,
because you can see the
evolution of their technology
where when they first splashed
down 450,000 years ago
they had a lot of rumblings,
and sounds, and noises,
when they would
take off and land.
Then, closer to
around 2000 BC, you
find that they're
hovering silently,
almost like anti-gravity,
whisper quiet.
So you can even see the
advances in their technology
as the millennia went on.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There are a number of very
compelling stories that I
believe that have to do
with NASA encounters with
extraterrestrials in
relation to the Moon.
I'm reminded of a story
relating to Neil Armstrong.
A woman at a function where
Neil Armstrong was present
eavesdropped on a conversation
that Neil Armstrong
was having with another
person, a doctor of some sort.
And the impression
I get is that she
was standing maybe 10 feet away
while this conversation took
place.
And the doctor said to Neil
Armstrong, the question
probably everyone in the
world would want to ask,
what really happened
on the Moon?
To which Neil Armstrong
said, and this
is quoted in books
and on the web,
essentially, that we were
watched the whole time that we
were on the Moon.
There were craft there.
They were huge.
These babies were huge.
They were menacing.
>> On September 12th, 1991, NASA
launched Space Shuttle Mission
Number 48.
Three days into the mission as
they were deploying the Upper
Atmosphere Research
Satellite something odd
was caught on the
shuttle's camera.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The footage that was seen
from the Space Shuttle mission
STS-48 is highly interesting,
and one of the best smoking
guns that we have for
proof of UFO activity
taking place in
lower Earth orbit,
and countermeasures against
those refers from some place
here on Earth.
While the shuttle was drifting
over Alice Springs, Australia,
we see this very
clear orb of light
that is moving slowly
through the atmosphere.
And then, the orbs
suddenly jumps to life
and makes
non-Newtonian movement,
meaning movement that would
normally destroy everything
inside.
And right after it
makes that movement,
some kind of particle
beam shoots up
from the Earth's surface
and actually illuminates
the entire atmosphere in
that process because there's
so much energetic charge on it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> On STS-48 was a space
shuttle mission that took place
in 1990.
And what it shows is an object,
probably a flying saucer
technology coming
up over the horizon,
traveling along the horizon.
A bright flash goes off.
The object is shot at.
It actually comes
to a complete stop,
and then makes a 45 degree
angle turn instantaneously,
so fast that it basically will
generate about 14,000 Gs which
is the equivalent of a 10
story building being dropped
on top of you.
And then, there's a couple
of streaks that go by.
Clearly the thing
is being shot at.
And the interesting
thing about this
that actually kind of
supports that is we
have a very, very
secret CIA base
at Alice Springs
in Australia right
above the area where
this test took place.
So what people think is that
weapons were actually fired
from the ground, probably
some sort of rail gun weapon,
at the spacecraft just to
test if we could create
a sort of anti-aircraft
defense based
on these new technologies.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This has every hallmark of
being an effort to shoot down
an ET piloted vehicle, in
which case they would then send
someone like Sergeant Clifford
Stone to go in and retrieve
the wreckage and the dead or
alive extraterrestrial beings
in the craft.
>> But it was half out and half
in, and I could tell that it
was dead.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The Brookings Institute
is one of Washington,
DC's oldest think tanks.
In the early 1960s,
they were tasked by NASA
to answer a single
question, what
would happen to humanity
if we discovered evidence
of alien activity
in outer space?
Their answer became known
as the Brookings Report.
>> In 1960, a think tank called
Brookings Institution came out
with a special report
in which they had gone
in and investigated the
question of disclosure
and the widespread revealing
of the existence of ET
civilizations
visiting the Earth.
Based on the classic
radio broadcast
of "The War of the
Worlds" that was
hosted by Orson
Welles in which people
thought that they were
being invaded by ETs
and started freaking out.
This and other events made the
Brookings Institution conclude
that they could not tell us
the truth, because it would
be a fatal blow to the stability
of civilization as we know it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Rumors that there was a
close encounter with aliens
at Holloman Air Force Base had
been swirling since at least
the 1970s.
There is even a supposed film
of the flying saucer landing.
>> There was an alleged contact
between extraterrestrials
and the US military industrial
complex that took place
at the Holloman Air Force Base.
And what's interesting
about this particular case,
is that this group
of extraterrestrials
seems to have a very elaborate
headdress that was on,
as well as unusual faces
that were kind of very small
with pronounced nasal features.
These ETs, like
many of the others,
did apparently want
peace and wanted
to negotiate some sort
of positive settlement
for earth's problems,
but as is the case,
they want disarming
of nuclear weapons,
the truth told to the people,
and the government just
laughed in their faces.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When we start getting into
the upper highest level echelon
of the cover-up of
the UFO phenomenon,
I still feel that I need to be
careful and researchers need
to be careful.
Who is the actual
person at the top of it.
Is it David Rockefeller, is it
some member of the Rothschild
family, is it some member
that we don't know about
within the deep black
budget community,
or is the aliens themselves
in one form or another?
I guess we can ask
ourselves, what
is the likelihood that the
non-human intelligences that
are behind the UFO
phenomenon are managing
the cover-up to some extent.
I think we could
say a few things.
One, we could say,
they do not have
an interest in being
out there and being
publicly acknowledged.
They do operate by stealth.
I think they've always
operated by stealth.
So they have an interest in
maintaining a cover of secrecy.
Toward that end,
if I were tasked
with doing counterintelligence
on the cover-up,
I would have to consider the
likelihood that they themselves
have some role to
play in the secrecy.
There is a story about a
famous murdered remote viewer
by the name of Pat
Price back in the 1970s.
Pat Price was possibly
the best remote viewer
the United States ever had.
He was an off the
charts remote viewer.
He was that good.
He had one of the
rare abilities to read
alphanumeric information.
That is, in other words, he
could read documents and file
cabinets and things like this.
He was extremely,
extremely proficient.
On one occasion he did--
on his own-- he said,
some remote viewing work on
where alien bases were here
on planet Earth.
He strolled into the office in
the mid-70s of Hal Puthoff who
was running the program and
said, oh, yes, by the way,
I thought I would
just on my spare time
look to see where
the alien bases were.
This is true, he said this,
and he identified several.
They were all basically
in mountain areas.
One was in the Pyrenees.
One was in Mount Hayes Alaska.
And he said regarding that base,
the Mount Hayes Alaska base,
he said that has political
protection in the United States
government.
He said, they have their
people in the US government
who are making sure that no
one pries in on that base.
That particular base, the
way Pat Price described it,
was somewhat similar
to how you might
look at the base in the
Hollywood movie "Men in Black",
the huge alien depot where
all the different races go,
and humans as well.
Not quite-- I don't
think he described it
with quite the humor that
you get in the movie.
But in other words,
a big transit point.
And, in fact, what
Pat Price said
to put off about that base is
when he was remote viewing it,
they began remote viewing him
and he pulled away out of fear.
So if that's true,
that would seem
to indicate to me that there
is some level of collaboration
and/or control that
is being exercised
by them within our society.
Pat Price, I think was certainly
murdered in the mid-1970s.
I think there's no
question about this.
When people look into the
circumstances of his death,
it looked like he was
poisoned with a cup of coffee
in a Las Vegas hotel.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In the early years
of his administration,
Ronald Reagan received a
letter from Dr. Edward Teller,
the father of the H-bomb.
Teller asked Reagan to
consider implementing
the Strategic Defense
Initiative, also known
as Star Wars.
In this letter, Teller
warns that a menace
greater than the nuclear
arms race exists.
It does not originate here on
Earth, but comes from space
itself.
Was the Star Wars program,
later begun by President Reagan,
created to stop hostile aliens?
>> But what must be recognized
is that our security is based
on being prepared
to meet all threats.
There was a time when we
depended on coastal forts
and artillery batteries because
with the weaponry of that day
any attack would have
had to come by sea.
Well, this is a different
world, and our defenses
must be based on
recognition and awareness
of the weaponry possessed by
other nations in the Nuclear
Age.
We can't afford to believe that
we will never be threatened.
There have been two world
wars in my lifetime.
We didn't start
them, and indeed did
everything we could to
avoid being drawn into them,
but we were ill
prepared for both.
Had we been better
prepared, peace
might have been preserved.
>> Teller wrote a letter to
President Reagan warning him
about dangerous aliens, and he
did it because he was probably
blocked from having any
direct communication with
the president on the issue.
Now, we know, according
to the Serpo documents,
that Reagan was probably
briefed in 1981 on the aliens.
But what they told him
was kind of a nice story.
I mean, he was told that four
out of the five alien species
we know about are
friendly, and some of them
might even help us if the
bad ones went after us,
and it may be that Teller
knew more about how
many hostile races were
really out there, what
their real objectives
were, and he
was trying to warn Reagan
not to believe the guys that
were telling him these airy
fairy happy-go-lucky stories
about the good aliens,
because I don't think anybody
is going to help us if things
get bad with the aliens,
at all.
We're on our own.
So we got to keep developing
our own technology.
These are stories that
have come to us again
and again and again.
They've come to me
relating about individuals
who looked just like
you and me, but are not
just like you and me.
Individuals who are intensely
telepathic, who are associated
with often the UFO phenomenon.
There are certainly stories,
legitimate ones I think,
within the abduction
research that
indicate human and
non-human collaboration.
The Travis Walton
abduction case comes
to mind in which Travis Walton
in 1975 was aboard a craft,
saw non-humans, and saw
very human looking people
on this craft.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> Travis!
>> There was every indication
that ETs have been heavily
involved in human existence
ever since the dawn of hominids
on this planet.
Even going back to the
anthropological start
of humankind, there seems
to be ET involvement,
because when we look at the
work from the example of Michael
Cremo of "Forbidden Archeology",
we're seeing records
and actual physical artifacts
being dug up all over the Earth
suggesting intelligent
beings have been visiting us
for millions of years.
>> Let's say we were an
alien group and we were here
on Earth.
We don't look like the natives,
but we have an interest
in their civilization.
We have an interest
in monitoring.
Maybe we even have an
interest in managing them,
because we realize that they're
shooting like this in terms
of their technology and they're
about to leap into our world,
whether we like it
or not, so we might
want to establish a presence
and influence among them.
We might want to have a base
on their world for some reason.
If we did, how would we do that?
Well, we would have to have our
own people look just like them,
our own fifth column.
Is this really the case?
I don't know that is the case.
I think you'd be foolish
not to consider it
as a reasonable thing.
It actually works very
well with the evidence
that has come to me from a
number of individuals who've
had encounters with very
highly strange individuals who
just don't seem human
like the rest of us.
>> This suggests the possibility
that we are being very
carefully monitored and watched,
and that certain interventions
take place at certain times in
order to steer our collective
evolution along specific lines
that appear to be desirable.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Furthermore, as depicted
in Hollywood films,
it appears that
there is a war taking
place between positive
and negative ETs
in which each side is attempting
to steer human evolution
for its own benefit.
The negative side appears to
be using Earth as a fear farm.
In other words, they
are siphoning energy
from our fear, depression,
as an energetic substance.
Whereas the positive ETs
seem to be in alignment
with the mystery
schools to be more open,
compassionate, and forgiving.
This is a war that
is still ongoing.
And at this time, the
stakes are very high.
The outcome is your
own personal choice.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In the 1980s, documents
surfaced that suggested that
President Truman in the 1950s
was so worried about the alien
presence that he created a
secret group of men to look
into the subject.
This group of military people,
scientists and politicians,
would meet in secret.
Their name became known
as Majestic 12 or MJ-12.
>> In the early 90s, there is a
fairly prominent UFO researcher
by the name of Bob Oechsler,
and he was involved in a lot
of different kind of
investigative activities.
One of the things
that he did was he
had a telephone conversation
with former NSA director Bobby
Rae Inmann, who within
the intelligence community
is something of a legend.
After Inmann left the NSA
and left us formal government
service, he became
the leading executive
of SAIC, which is one of the
major defense contractors, one
of the top most prestigious
defense contractors
in the nation.
Bobby Rae Inmann is
among almost anyone
you can think of very
plugged in to what
is going on with all
kinds of realities,
including the UFO reality.
Oechsler had a conversation
with them on the phone
and would not use the
word extraterrestrial.
Would not use the word
UFO / but in the context
of his conversation
with Inmann made
it very clear that this is
what he was talking about
and asked Inmann about
the reality of this.
This is shortly after
the Majestic 12 documents
became known in the late 1980s.
And it's very evident
from the conversation,
as reported by Oechsler,
that Inmann acknowledged
the reality of a group like
MJ-12, that is an oversight
group managing the UFO reality.
So I think that this
actually happened.
I would add that Oechsler's
conversation with Inmann
is not the only type
of conversation that
confirmed the reality of MJ-12.
I think equally important
was a series of conversations
held with a scientist
named Eric Walker.
Now, Eric Walker was a
friend of Dwight Eisenhower,
he was former president
of Penn State University,
and most significantly
was a head
of an organization known as The
Institute For Defense Studies.
This is a powerful
defense think tank.
Researcher Grant Cameron, Scott
Crane, and a few other people
encountered Walker
in the late 80s
after MJ-12 became out
there and they found him.
Their own research essentially
led them to Walker.
And Walker in his first
few conversations with him
absolutely admitted and
acknowledged the reality
of a group like MJ-12.
Said almost exactly
the same type of things
that Inmann said, but
even more explicit.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The amount of secrecy
involved in a UFO cover up is
truly astonishing.
When you really
analyze the information
that we're bringing
forward in this program,
it will give you a paradigm
shift in consciousness.
You won't see the world
the same way anymore.
You begin to realize that the
controllers of this planet
have been put in a
position of power by us.
We have kind of really allowed
them to take control of us.
There is a true
reality here where
we, being the population of the
world, 7.5 billion of us now,
truly do have the power
to overthrow them.
The reason why they keep
us suppressed and oppressed
is because the technology
and information
about ancient civilizations
and ETs keeps them in power.
The less we know, the more
power they can hold over us.
This is why they spray
poisons on our food,
they have the
depopulation agenda.
This is why they do
everything possible to keep us
dumbed down, and also sick,
and maybe even dying early.
The elites that control this
planet have a discrete agenda,
and that agenda is
to maintain control
of the population of Earth.
This is how come you see us
using century old technology.
They won't let us advance into
things like zero point energy
devices.
They won't let us use different
types of technologies that can
make our lives a lot easier.
They suppress and
oppress that information,
and then create their own
breakaway civilizations
on other planets,
negotiate possibly
with other civilizations,
keeping everything
totally secret from us.
In this way, they have
maintained a control over us.
But there will come a day
when all 7.5 billion of us
will wake up consciously
to the next level,
and we will find a way to join
together and unite, and take
back control of our planet.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When I started talking to
people who claimed to have had
this abduction experience
or being taken by aliens,
for everyone I talked to
who seemed to think it was
a traumatic event.
In fact, the very term
abduction is negative.
Makes it sound like ads are
a really terrible thing,
and I can understand where
people feel like they've
been taken against her
will, and I can understand
the negative of that.
But I talked to an equal
number of people who said,
well, i had the same
experience and I thought
it was a pleasant experience.
In fact, I had
one woman tell me,
I felt like I was
an honored guest.
So I think the phenomena
is probably not
been presented in its entirety.
I think that the people
who feel like they've
had a scary or
traumatic event, they
tend to go seek help,
professional help,
or they join these
support groups,
and their story becomes public.
And as a result, we have
this whole popular negative
connotation of abduction.
But to the best of
my ability, everyone
who says I've been abducted,
at some point they get
brought back, OK?
And then, like I said,
there's an equal number
of people who say, well,
that was kind of cool.
They gave me a little tour.
Took me to another planet.
Showed me all this stuff.
So I don't think that
we yet have actually
engaged the true extent
of the phenomenon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The alien presence on
Earth has been with us since
the beginning.
As difficult a subject as it
is, the governments of Earth
are not helping us
understand the problem.
Up next, disclosure
takes a new turn
when evidence reveals
that the source is closer
than you think.